add rallly (#67)
onedr0p/containers: apps/rallly/README.md

# rallly

## Custom environment configuration

This container support setting certain custom enviroment variables with the use of [drone/envsubst](https://github.com/drone/envsubst).

| Name                 | Default                                          |
|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL | `http://localhost:3000`                          |
| DATABASE_URL         | `postgres://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/db` |
| SECRET_PASSWORD      | `minimum-32-characters`                          |
| SUPPORT_EMAIL        | `foo@yourdomain.com`                             |
| SMTP_HOST            | `your-smtp-server`                               |
| SMTP_PORT            | `587`                                            |
| SMTP_SECURE          | `false`                                          |
| SMTP_USER            | `your-smtp-user`                                 |

> | SMTP_PWD             | `your-smtp-password`                             |

Reviewer: This section can be delete as it is not a custom configuration we are scaffolding with `envsubt`. I expect people to be able to do research and look up env vars if they are properly supported by the application itself.

> ## Additional requirements
> In your kubernetes manifest override CMD with `sh -c "yarn prisma migrate deploy --schema prisma/schema.prisma && yarn start"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Nuances

In your kubernetes manifest override CMD with `sh -c "yarn prisma migrate deploy --schema prisma/schema.prisma && yarn start"`.
```
